after the large area for example of ball in the left tip took advantage of a
burn day celebrates landfill crossing to enjoy the spread of
globe caught with his right leg the sun had access
with the right leg he was already vetoed the dilma propaganda
optimus already represented the role of influenza is the public servant by the
practice of the offense but could not stop with the ball emphasizing the time of
reading explains meadow of the goal would not be a big step
already the cruise opened after driving for a year
finally the group started
the game is decisive
I warned my taking position from outside the large ball area to get
bard
this way stops
practically guaranteed
could not get
the first time instance
to be arrested by a stone in the head and in the mouth of the town
between the four
the victory of 2 x 0 goal of the Brazilian title
siqueira fields the leadership in the table
in the third game
the next day
The foul suffered by thiago ribeiro
joaquim murtinho de fabrício
longer term
and now champion
finally I think it's good and true